---
header: 'Privacy Policy'
metaDesc: 'Privacy Policy'
summary: "Last updated October 26, 2024"
layout: 'layouts/page.html'
headerType: 'blogPost'
---

Oakwood Group (“we,” “us,” or “our”) operates the [Oakwood Group website](https://oakwoodgroup.ie) (the “Service”).

This Privacy Policy outlines our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and explains your rights regarding your data.

We use your data to provide and enhance our Service. By using our Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in line with this policy. Unless specified otherwise, terms used here have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from [our website](https://oakwoodgroup.ie).

### Definitions

- **Service**  
  Refers to the [https://oakwoodgroup.ie](https://oakwoodgroup.ie) website operated by Oakwood Group.

- **Personal Data**  
  Data identifying an individual either directly or indirectly.

- **Usage Data**  
  Automatically collected data generated by the Service, such as page visit duration.

- **Cookies**  
  Small data files stored on your device.

- **Data Controller**  
  The entity determining the purposes and means of processing personal information. Oakwood Group is the Data Controller of your Personal Data.

- **Data Processors (or Service Providers)**  
  Individuals or entities that process data on behalf of the Data Controller.

- **Data Subject (or User)**  
  Any individual using our Service and subject to Personal Data collection.

### Information Collection and Use

We collect various data types to improve and provide our Service to you.

#### Types of Data Collected

- **Personal Data**  
  We may ask for personal information, such as your email, name, phone number, and data from cookies.

- **Usage Data**  
  Information about how the Service is accessed, including IP address, browser type, pages visited, and visit duration.

#### Cookies & Tracking Data

We use cookies and similar technologies to track activity and store information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies, though this may affect your ability to use some Service features.

**Examples of Cookies Used:**
  - **Session Cookies:** For operating the Service.
  - **Preference Cookies:** To store your preferences.
  - **Security Cookies:** For security purposes.

### Use of Data

Oakwood Group uses the collected data for various purposes:
- To operate and maintain our Service
- To notify you about Service changes
- To enable participation in interactive features
- To provide customer support
- To analyze and improve the Service
- To detect and address technical issues

### Legal Basis for Processing (GDPR)

For users from the EEA, Oakwood Group’s legal basis for processing Personal Data includes:
- Performance of a contract with you
- Consent
- Legitimate interests
- Legal compliance

### Data Retention

We retain Personal Data only as long as necessary to fulfill our purposes, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.

### Data Transfer

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and stored on computers outside of your jurisdiction. By submitting your data, you consent to this transfer. We take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your data during transfer and storage.

### Disclosure of Data

- **Legal Compliance**  
  We may disclose your Personal Data if required by law or in response to lawful requests by public authorities.

### Data Security

While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, no method of online transmission or storage is completely secure.

### Your Data Protection Rights (GDPR)

If you are an EEA resident, you have rights to access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to the processing of your data, as well as data portability and withdrawal of consent. Contact us to exercise these rights.

### Service Providers

We may use third-party companies to facilitate our Service and analyze its use.

- **Google Analytics:**  
  For website traffic tracking. You can opt-out by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. See [Google’s Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) for details.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Service may link to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not target anyone under 18. If we learn we have collected data from children without parental consent, we take steps to delete it.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this policy periodically. Updates will be posted on this page with an updated “effective date.” We encourage you to review this policy periodically.

### Contact Us

For questions regarding this policy, contact us at:

**Email:** info@oakwoodgroup.ie

